Implement OGDS header (#117)
open-government-design-system/ogds-elements: src/components/ogds-header/docs.mdx

like search, account info, etc.), it is mostly an empty logic-less slot that can accommodate arbitrary content, but does not have opinions about that content.
All of the examples here use the `ogds-primary-nav` component in the primary nav slot, but if that component does not work for your use case (i.e. you need
megamenu support or there is existing logic in your nav implementation that would be tricky to port to the component) then it should work with your exisiting nav.

```html
<ogds-header variant="extended">
  <div slot="logo"><a href="/">Project name</a></div>
  <div slot="notifications">Notifications</div>
  <div slot="info">Alert or banner content</div>

  <ul slot="nav-secondary">
    <li><a href="#">One</a></li>
  </ul>
  <form slot="nav-secondary"><input type="search" /></form>

  <ogds-primary-nav slot="nav-primary">
    <ul>
      <li><a href="#" aria-current="page">Current section</a></li>
    </ul>
  </ogds-primary-nav>
</ogds-header>
```

- **`logo`** (required) — Typically a link to the homepage.
- **`nav-primary`** (required) — Expects an `<ogds-primary-nav>`.

> - **`nav-secondary`** (optional) — Links and/or a search form. Aligned with the logo at desktop widths in the extended variant; folds into the drawer with the primary nav below the desktop breakpoint. The component consumer is responsible for the contents here and for implementing responsive behavior.

Reviewer: Documentation suggestion: 
```suggestion
- **`nav-secondary`** (optional) — Links and/or a search form. At desktop widths, this section aligns with the logo. At widths below the desktop breakpoint (e.g. mobile, tablet), this content folds into the drawer along with the primary nav. The component consumer is responsible for the contents here and for implementing responsive behavior.
```
